first commit of the glossary (#2702)
ROCm/composable_kernel: docs/reference/Composable-Kernel-Glossary.rst

Reviewer: should we group them similar to terminology?

Author: I didn't feel like the groupings were working. I think having this just as a dictionary that will eventually have links to further documentation works better.

.. meta::
  :description: Composable Kernel glossary of terms
  :keywords: composable kernel, glossary

***************************************************

> Composable Kernel glossaries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Composable Kernel glossary

```

    user customized tile pipeline
        A customized :term:`tile` :term:`pipeline` that combines custom :term:`problem` and :term:`policy` components for specialized computations. 

    user customized tile pipeline optimization
        The process of tuning the :term:`tile` size, memory access pattern, and hardware utilization for specific workloads.

    tile programming API
        The :term:`tile` programming API is Composable Kernel's high-level interface for defining tile-based computations with predefined hardware mappings for data loading and storing.

    coordinate transformation primitives
        Coordinate transformation primitives are Composable Kernel utilities for converting between different coordinate systems.

    reference kernel
        A reference :term:`kernel` is a baseline kernel implementation used to verify correctness and performance. Composable Kernel makes two reference kernels, one for CPU and one for GPU, available.

    launch parameters
        Launch parameters are the configuration values, such as :term:`grid` and :term:`block size`, that determine how a :term:`kernel` is mapped to hardware resources.

    memory coalescing

>         Memory coalescing is an optimization strategy where consecutive :term:`work-items<work-item>` access consecutive memory addresses so that a single memory transaction serves multiple work-items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Memory coalescing is an optimization strategy where consecutive :term:`work-items<work-item>` access consecutive memory addresses allowing a single memory transaction to serve multiple work-items.

```

Reviewer 2: why is work-item hyphenated?

Author: You'd need to ask those who named them that way.

    alignment

>         Alignment is memory management strategy where data structures are stored at addresses that are multiples of a specific value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Alignment is a memory management strategy where data structures are stored at addresses that are multiples of a specific value.

```
